com/xxd/annotation/target/TargetEnum.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.TargetEnum
com/xxd/annotation/basic/MyAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.basic.MyAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/TargetAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.TargetAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/retention/domain/RuntimeRetention.java
 com.xxd.annotation.retention.domain.RuntimeRetention
com/xxd/annotation/retention/RetentionTest.java
 com.xxd.annotation.retention.RetentionTest
module-info.java
 module-info
com/xxd/annotation/target/TargetClass.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.TargetClass
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/LocalVariableAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.LocalVariableAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/TargetInterface.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.TargetInterface
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/NoTargetAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.NoTargetAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/FieldAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.FieldAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/AnnotationTypeAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.AnnotationTypeAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/ParameterAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.ParameterAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/basic/UseAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.basic.UseAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/package-info.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.package-info
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/TypeParameterAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.TypeParameterAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/PackageAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.PackageAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/ConstructorAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.ConstructorAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/retention/domain/NoRetention.java
 com.xxd.annotation.retention.domain.NoRetention
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/TypeAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.TypeAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/retention/domain/SourceRetention.java
 com.xxd.annotation.retention.domain.SourceRetention
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/MethodAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.MethodAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/TypeUseAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.TypeUseAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/apt/AptTest.java
 com.xxd.annotation.apt.AptTest
com/xxd/annotation/target/domain/ModuleAnnotation.java
 com.xxd.annotation.target.domain.ModuleAnnotation
com/xxd/annotation/retention/domain/ClassRetention.java
 com.xxd.annotation.retention.domain.ClassRetention
